Auditing: Add new options to docs (#52050)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/audit-grafana.md

loggers = file
# Keep dashboard content in the logs (request or response fields); this can significantly increase the size of your logs.
log_dashboard_content = false
# Log all GET requests and always include request body for generic POST/PUT/PATCH requests.
verbose = false

> # By default Grafana logs requests even if the status code indicates no changes to the system were done.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
# By default Grafana logs requests even if the status code indicates that no changes to the system were made.
```

> # Disable this to only log requests with 2xx, 3xx, 401, 403, 500 responses.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
# Set to false to only log requests with 2xx, 3xx, 401, 403, 500 responses.
```
